# fashionHub
An e-commerce web application for sell cloths and fashion items

# Data Requirements
<ul>
  <li>Customer can visit and search for foods online any number of times. </li>
  <li>If the customer is a first-time user of the system, he/she should register to the system first before making an order.</li>
  <li>Customer should provide username, password, full name, shipping address, billing address, phone number, email address, date of birth; the username should be unique per     customer.</li>
  <li>And the phone number and the email address can not be repeated in the system for different customer accounts. But there can be more than one phone number for a customer account.</li>
  <li>Registered customer can make many orders and an order has only a one customer. There cannot be an order without a registered customer. If a customer removes the account, the order is removed automatically.</li>
  <li>When the order is making, there should be an order id, order type, order name, ordered date and the customer details of the order.</li>
  <li>After order is made, the order details are sent to the delivery person. Then the delivery person selects the appropriate order and deliver to the customer’s shipping address.</li>
  <li>One delivery person can deliver more than one item per day, but an item is delivered by only an one delivery person.</li>
  <li>The delivery person is registered by the administrator, for register a delivery person there are some information to provide such as delivery person id, full name, address, NIC, date of birth, delivery area, driving license number, expire date of the driving license.</li>
  <li>Administrator adds, delete and update food items.</li>
  <li>Administrator can add many items and item details includes the administrator’s id that added the relevant item to the system.</li>
  <li>Food item has item id, name, category, stock number, unit price and other more details. </li>
  <li>Administrator can add, update, and delete new food categories with category name, food type. </li>
  <li>Administrator account details are stored in the database such as full name, address, branch, username, password, email address, and birthday.</li>
  <li>Sales representatives are also added by the administrator with storing their information such as id, full name, address, NIC, phone number, email address, branch.</li>
  <li>The food store has many branches placed in different places in Sri Lanka. A branch has branch id, address, city, a manager, and sales representatives. </li>
  <li>A manager is added by the administrator with manager id, full name, address, date of birth, qualifications, phone number, email address. One branch has only an one manager and also one manager manages only an one branch.</li>
  <li>The manager of the branch can generate reports and update food items related to the branch he/she managed. Manager can generate many reports and one report is generated by different managers of different branches.</li>
  <li>There are several types of reports, they are sales report, item report, and stock report. These reports have report id, name, generated date, report type.</li>
  <li>When the stock is getting low the system sends a message to the supplier, the suppliers are interviewed by the administrator and the selected suppliers are registered in the system with necessary information such as supplier id, name, address, item category, NIC, registered date. </li>
  <li>One supplier can supply different types of categories and one category can be supplied by different suppliers.</li>
  <li>Managers, Delivery persons and sales representatives are employees of the food store, therefore details of their dependencies are stored in the database to give bonuses and other purposes. Name, address, phone numbers, email address, city and more other details are saved. There cannot be dependency without an employee. When an employee is removed from the database dependency’s details also removed automatically.</li> 
</ul>

# Technologies
<ul>
  <li>Java</li>
  <li>Servlet</li>
  <li>HTML, CSS, JavaScripts</li>
  <li>MVC Architecture</li>
</ul>

# Colloborators
<ul>
  <li>Isuru Pathum Herath - <a href="https://github.com/isurupathumherath/">isurupathumherath</a></li>
  <li>Savindya Dhananjani - <a href="https://github.com/SavindyaDhananjani">SavindyaDhananjani</a></li>
</ul>
